feat: Add Cassette resource API (#521)
blutui/dev.blutui.com: src/pages/api-reference/console/cassettes/create.md

---
title: 'Create Cassette'

> description: 'Create a Cassette to your agency.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'Create a Cassette for a project in your agency.'
```
